[Event Hubs] updates changelog and docs for preview 3 (#5078)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/eventhub/event-hubs/changelog.md

### 2019-09-09 5.0.0-preview.3

> #### General

Reviewer: Collapse `General` and `Consuming events`, bring the point on load balancing up

- Improved error messages when constructing an `EventHubClient` with an invalid connection string and Event Hub name combo. ([PR #4899](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/4899)).
- Adds client-side type-checking for `EventPosition` static helper methods. ([PR #5052](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/5052)).

#### Consuming events
- Received event data will now expose `systemProperties` for message annotations set by the service. ([PR #5008](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/5008)).

> - Adds `lastEnqueuedEventInfo` property on `EventHubConsumer` when the consumer is created with `trackLastEnqueuedEventInfo` set to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adds `lastEnqueuedEventInfo` property on `EventHubConsumer` which would track the details on the last enqueued event in the partition if the consumer is created with `trackLastEnqueuedEventInfo` set to `true`.
```

> This field is updated everytime a message is received and provides details about the last enqueued event in the partition the `EventHubConsumer` is reading from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
field is updated everytime a message is received and provides details about the last enqueued event in the partition the `EventHubConsumer` is reading from.
```
